2019/12/06
Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word 'criminal'. The second was William Jefferson Clinton. A crocodile can`t stick its tongue out.
Contrary to popular belief, there are almost no Buddhists in India, nor have there been for about a thousand years. On the stone temples of Madura in southern India, there are more than 30 million carved images of gods and goddesses. One superstition says that if a girl leaves her house early on Valentine`s Day and the first person she meets is a man, then she will be married within three months.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet. Bats always turn left when exiting a cave. Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing. All polar bears are left-handed. A snail can sleep for three years. Elephants are the only animals that can`t jump. Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
Human skulls had been used as drinking cups for hundreds of years. The muscles and flesh were scraped away, the bottom was hacked off and then they were suitable to hold any beverage. The first Bowie knife was forged at Washington, Arkansas. All the dirt from the foundation to build the World Trade Center in NYC was dumped into the Hudson River to form the community now known as Battery City Park.
In most American states, a wedding ring is exempt by law from inclusion among the assets in a bankruptcy estate. This means that a wedding ring cannot be seized by creditors, no matter how much the bankrupt person owes. In New York State, it is still illegal to shoot a rabbit from a moving trolley car. Vermont, Alaska, Hawaii, and Maine are the four states in the U.S. that do not allow billboards.
King Tut`s tomb contained four coffins. The third coffin was made from 2,500 pounds of gold. And in today`s market is worth approximately $13,000,000. The very first enclosed shopping mall was and is Valley Faire in Appleton, Wisconsin. Not in Minnesota as most people believe. Appleton is also famous for being the birth place of Harry Houdini and the first city in America to use Hydro-electric power in homes.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don`t appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age. Modern records do not compare with that of St Simeon the younger called stylites a monk who spent the final 45 years of his life living at the top of a stone pillar on the hill of wonders near Antioch in Syria! 14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise. Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest. An old law in Bellingham, Washington, made it illegal for a woman to take more than three steps backwards while dancing! The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher. The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries.
In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood. "To prevent violence" it was at one time customary at certain phases of the moon to chain and flog inmates of England`s notorious Bedlam Hospital. In Milan, Italy, when an operator dialled a wrong number, the phone company fined the operator. In Hartford Connecticut, it is illegal for a husband to kiss his wife on Sundays.
Every 5 seconds a computer gets infected with a virus. 13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese. The world`s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910. If you could count the number of times a cricket chirps in one minute, divide by 2, add 9 and divide by 2 again, you would have the correct temperature in Celsius degrees... How do they know that?
In 1974 there were 90 tornadoes in the U.S. in one day. Satirist Jonathan Swift suggested in his essay "A Modest Proposal" that the children of the poor be sold as food to feed the rich. This shocking essay is one of the best examples of satire you'll find. Akhbar the Great Mughal routed the Hindus under Hemu by turning their elephants against them at the battle of Panipat in the Hindu revolt.
Napoleon`s nemesis, the Duke of Wellington, was an accomplished yo-yo player. At that time, the yo-yo was known as a "bandalore". When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America`s Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise. Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest. An old law in Bellingham, Washington, made it illegal for a woman to take more than three steps backwards while dancing! The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher. The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries.
In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood. "To prevent violence" it was at one time customary at certain phases of the moon to chain and flog inmates of England's notorious Bedlam Hospital. In Milan, Italy, when an operator dialled a wrong number, the phone company fined the operator. In Hartford Connecticut, it is illegal for a husband to kiss his wife on Sundays
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day. Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. Contrary to popular belief, the British flag is not called "The Union Jack" it is actually called "The Union Flag". It`s only called the Union Jack when out at sea on navy ships. You are most likely to get murdered at Christmas time due to more alcohol being drunk. Merry Christmas

2019/12/07
When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America`s Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette. Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, the fathers of communism, wrote 500 articles for the "New York Tribune" from 1851 to 1862.
Ancient Greeks wove marjoram into funeral wreaths and put them on the graves of loved ones. The wreaths served as prayers for the happiness of the deceased in a future life. Breaking of a glass is traditional in some wedding ceremonies. This custom symbolizes different things. To some it is the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem, and for some it is the represents the fragility of a relationship.
It was only after 440 A.D. that December 25 was celebrated as the birth date of Jesus Christ. The first aerial photograph was taken from a balloon during the U.S. civil war. Olive oil was used for washing the body in the ancient Mediterranean world. In 1801, 20 percent of the people in the U.S. were slaves. Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly.
China was the first country to introduce paper money (in 812), but it wasn`t until 1661 that a bank (Banco-Sedlar of Sweden) issued banknotes. If the arm of King Henry I of England had been 42 inches long, the unit of measure of a "foot" today would be fourteen inches. But his arm happened to be 36 inches long and he decreed that the "standard" foot should be one-third that length: 12 inches.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak. If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes. Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year. Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married. The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building. The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Human skulls had been used as drinking cups for hundreds of years. The muscles and flesh were scraped away, the bottom was hacked off and then they were suitable to hold any beverage. The first Bowie knife was forged at Washington, Arkansas. All the dirt from the foundation to build the World Trade Center in NYC was dumped into the Hudson River to form the community now known as Battery City Park.
DaVinci is best remembered as the painter of the Mona Lisa (1504) and The Last Supper (1495). But he`s almost equally famous for his astonishing multiplicity of talents: he dabbled in architecture, sculpture, engineering, geology, hydraulics and the military arts, all with success, and in his spare time doodled parachutes and flying machines that resembled inventions of the 19th and 20th centuries.
In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago`s female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956. In ancient times, any Japanese who tried to leave his homeland was summarily put to death. In the 1630`s, a decree in Japan forbade the building of any large ocean-worthy ships to deter defection.
Marco Polo was born on the Croatian island of Korcula (pronounced Kor-Chu-La). Karl Marx was targeted for assassination when he met with two Prussian officers in his house in Cologne in 1848. Marx had friends among the German labor unions, and he was considered a threat to the autocrats. Dressed in his bathrobe, he forced the officers out at the point of a revolver, which, it turned out, was not loaded.
The first telephone exchange opened on January 28, 1878, in New Haven, Connecticut. In the late 30`s, a man named Abe Pickens of Cleveland, Ohio, attempted to promote world peace by placing personal calls to various country leaders. He managed to contact Mussolini, Hirohito, Franco and Hitler (Hitler, who didn`t understand English, transferred him to an aide). He spent $10,000 to "give peace a chance.”
The minimum age set in the U.S. Constitution for the President of the United States is 35. In Athens, Greece, a driver`s license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either "unbathed" or "poorly dressed". Impotence is grounds for divorce in 24 U.S. states. The murder rate in the United States is 200 times greater than in Japan. In Japan no private citizen can buy a handgun legally.
A B-25 bomber airplane crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945. India tested its first nuclear bomb in 1974. After the great fire of Rome in A.D. 64, the emperor Nero ostensibly decided to lay the blame on Christians residing in the city of Rome. These he gathered together, crucified, covered in pitch (tar), and burnt alive. He walked around his gardens admiring the view.
Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way, for example, stretched 350 miles from the Eternal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parking. Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago`s female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956. In ancient times, any Japanese who tried to leave his homeland was summarily put to death. In the 1630`s, a decree in Japan forbade the building of any large ocean-worthy ships to deter defection.
